I am I am has go to the editor camera
soda there's a fuckin a mudra and it's
affordable man is Lahaina movie single
yep and the color 77 go manicotti and
it's got a woman is using harmonica I'm
rockin Robin dutifully Miami Q hat and
about with superhuman a cylindrical
magnets or solid Oklahoma and his memory
loss a to the poem is over and then the
war was over and I come I get the double
D money another phone camera with it in
a cool toy the ball didn't do from a
movie look upon me Eric your hand and I
wish is only in lining up my camp a band
is elated you fucking yellow you follow
me and the 15 you with your name and
it's also in digital video memory give
me 10 kilogram window my inner do so
humble and chemically more mmmmmm I'm a
rapper
come on yeah I don't know her name
spying
give me an email if you can one you're
wrong and give him academic already
signed bang bang bang yeah so hopefully
the MoMA do you sing it down if you
don't make friends awesome we need a
little anger then your money go oh these
offices I got 100 there
alright